Readme.md, before:

# Node-red Docker import

Import [node-red](nodered.org) nodes from a *docker* project

## Install

`npm i`

## Run tests

`ava`

## Usage

```js
import { generate, generateJson } from 'node-red-import'

let projectPath = path.resolve(baseDir, 'app')
let result = await generate({
  path: projectPath
})

console.log(result)
```

## node-red nodes

### generate

```js
[ { name: 'my-subtraction',
    filePath: './services/my-subtraction',
    type: 'sub-match',
    topic: 'math',
    framework: 'hemera',
    description: 'Subtraction',
    pattern: '{topic: \'math\', cmd: \'sub\'}',
    function: 'cb(\'sub\');',
    maxMessages: '',
    x: 120,
    y: 70
  },
  { name: 'my-addition',
    filePath: './services/my-addition',
    type: 'sub-match',
    topic: 'math',
    framework: 'hemera',
    description: 'Addition',
    pattern: '{topic: \'math\', cmd: \'add\'}',
    function: 'cb(\'add\');',
    maxMessages: 5,
    x: 220,
    y: 120
  } ]
```

### generateJson

```js
[
  {
    "name": "my-subtraction",
    "filePath": "./services/my-subtraction",
    "type": "sub-match",
    "id": "da8d9fae.39951",
    "topic": "math",
    "framework": "hemera",
    "description": "Subtraction",
    "pattern": "{topic: 'math', cmd: 'sub'}",
    "function": "cb('sub');",
    "maxMessages": "",
    "x": 120,
    "y": 70
  },
  {
    "name": "my-addition",
    "filePath": "./services/my-addition",
    "type": "sub-match",
    "id": "da8d9fae.39952",
    "topic": "math",
    "framework": "hemera",
    "description": "Addition",
    "pattern": "{topic: 'math', cmd: 'add'}",
    "function": "cb('add');",
    "maxMessages": 5,
    "x": 220,
    "y": 120
  }
]
```

## docker-compose.yml

Requires each node-red service to have specific labels:

- `node-red: true`
- `description`
- `topic`
- `pattern`

```yaml
version: "3.0"
services:
  my-addition:
    labels:
      description: Addition
      node-red: true
      framework: hemera
      topic: math
      maxMessages: 5
      pattern: "{topic: 'math', cmd: 'add'}"
    build:
      context: "./services/my-addition"
```

## Service function

Parses service logic located at path referenced by `build.context`.
`context: "./services/my-addition"` resolved to file at `./services/my-addition/index.js`

## License

2017 Tecla5.com

Commit message:

add ref to docker-gen project

Readme.md, after:

# Node-red Docker import

Import [node-red](nodered.org) nodes from a *docker* project
The docker project can in turn be generated from a node-red project via [docker-gen](https://github.com/tecla5/docker-gen)

## Install

`npm i`

## Run tests

`ava`

## Usage

```js
import { generate, generateJson } from 'node-red-import'

let projectPath = path.resolve(baseDir, 'app')
let result = await generate({
  path: projectPath
})

console.log(result)
```

## node-red nodes

### generate

```js
[ { name: 'my-subtraction',
    filePath: './services/my-subtraction',
    type: 'sub-match',
    topic: 'math',
    framework: 'hemera',
    description: 'Subtraction',
    pattern: '{topic: \'math\', cmd: \'sub\'}',
    function: 'cb(\'sub\');',
    maxMessages: '',
    x: 120,
    y: 70
  },
  { name: 'my-addition',
    filePath: './services/my-addition',
    type: 'sub-match',
    topic: 'math',
    framework: 'hemera',
    description: 'Addition',
    pattern: '{topic: \'math\', cmd: \'add\'}',
    function: 'cb(\'add\');',
    maxMessages: 5,
    x: 220,
    y: 120
  } ]
```

### generateJson

```js
[
  {
    "name": "my-subtraction",
    "filePath": "./services/my-subtraction",
    "type": "sub-match",
    "id": "da8d9fae.39951",
    "topic": "math",
    "framework": "hemera",
    "description": "Subtraction",
    "pattern": "{topic: 'math', cmd: 'sub'}",
    "function": "cb('sub');",
    "maxMessages": "",
    "x": 120,
    "y": 70
  },
  {
    "name": "my-addition",
    "filePath": "./services/my-addition",
    "type": "sub-match",
    "id": "da8d9fae.39952",
    "topic": "math",
    "framework": "hemera",
    "description": "Addition",
    "pattern": "{topic: 'math', cmd: 'add'}",
    "function": "cb('add');",
    "maxMessages": 5,
    "x": 220,
    "y": 120
  }
]
```

## docker-compose.yml

Requires each node-red service to have specific labels:

- `node-red: true`
- `description`
- `topic`
- `pattern`

```yaml
version: "3.0"
services:
  my-addition:
    labels:
      description: Addition
      node-red: true
      framework: hemera
      topic: math
      maxMessages: 5
      pattern: "{topic: 'math', cmd: 'add'}"
    build:
      context: "./services/my-addition"
```

## Service function

Parses service logic located at path referenced by `build.context`.
`context: "./services/my-addition"` resolved to file at `./services/my-addition/index.js`

## License

2017 Tecla5.com
